okay people on YouTube is time for me to
get this off the way you guys have
requested it and now I shall make it i
shall me just emblem for you guys but
don't say I haven't done anything for
you people let's play for this to load
up alright this is my emblem right now
captain america ok now we're going to
make this ticket emblem
okay now what you want to do is start
out with a circle wait with a circle
like so we make the circle obviously
white now go to your second layer we go
all the way to forget what pages on um
sorry about this guy's so the seventh
Street page 7 PP all right now make that
make sure you make that right to go
below that one or whatever expand it
into the background like so expand it
now turn that let go up to number 10
flip the page until you get to I think I
use an oval wide on the oval medium so
what you want to do is you want to turn
the Oval medium like so until you get up
here to the right there in the middle
like that spring kit put it right there
you want to turn that black like so now
you want to get that trying within
triangle then turn it like so
they turn that flat also will make sure
make sure it basically you can make any
type of hair so I you want you know you
just go on you don't have to stick to
just the way I do mind you can kill us
anybody want you know up to you guys
yeah okay and don't forget the eyeballs
those do not forget the eyes it's very
important in this tutorial this one is
the ring now I'm not this isn't exactly
how the other one is not really sure on
how to make the other one right now so
just got a spare what you guys this bear
with me okay with that string it
like so change it like so get the get
the cartoon smirk Fred duck make that as
big as you want
the cartoon smirk like that boom now
like I said before you don't have to
keep you not have to keep your hairstyle
like that you can change it up to
whatever you want whatever you want your
change it so everyone like that what
mouth now excuse my mom oh okay that
over and that's how you make an emo
emblem I'm sorry this video took longer
out I really can edit it right now but
that's how you make it in if you if you
follow my tips it should come out
looking like right there just like that
you